feat : falcosidekick service monitor update add aditionnal properties (#670)
falcosecurity/charts: charts/falcosidekick/CHANGELOG.md

Before release 0.1.20, the helm chart can be found in `falcosidekick` [repository](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falcosidekick/tree/master/deploy/helm/falcosidekick).

## 0.7.19

> - Enhanced the service Monitor to support additional Properties. Fix one prometheusRules: FalcoErrorOutputEventsRateHigh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the service Monitor to support additional Properties.
- Fix the promql query for prometheusRules: FalcoErrorOutputEventsRateHigh.
```
